# Homework for Week 1

In a word, the software quality is the definition of "the degree of consistent of software with the definition of explicit and implicit requirements". Specifically, software quality is in accordance with clear narrative function and performance requirements, documents clearly describe the development of the standard and all professional software should have the implied characteristics. There are some main factors that are affecting the quality of software, these factors are from the  management of software quality metrics. It can be divided into three groups, every group reacted users’view during using the software. First, correctness, robustness, efficiency, integrity, availability, risk(products running); Second, understandability, maintainability, flexibility, testability (product modification); Third, Portable, reusable, mutual operation transfer (product transfer).
Software quality measure can be promptly delivered to the user, the cost does not exceed the budget, but the most important thing is to ensure that the software can run properly, so the software quality assurance work is very important.
Software Quality Assurance is to establish a set of planned, systematic method, to guarantee the standards, procedures, practices and methods which are protocoled by management can be used by all projects. The purpose of software quality assurance is to make the software process visible for managers. It through to the software products and activities for review and audit to verify that the software is up to standard. Software quality assurance group at the beginning of the project will participate in establish plans, standards and procedures.These will make the software project to meet the requirements of the institutional policy.
Software quality runs through the software life cycle, a very important problem is ultimately used in the process of software development technology and verification method. Therefore, in the software life cycle should pay special attention to quality assurance, to produce high quality software product.
Software quality assurance goals is to develop acceptable software products. Here the so-called "acceptable" should be the user to understand the sense of acceptance, or should meet the quality requirements set by a user. So the software quality assurance tasks naturally is to ensure software quality.
Software quality assurance is to improve prevention, and improvement of inspection to ensure software quality, software life cycle management and to verify that the software is to meet the specified quality and user's demand.
