My understanding of formal methods in general and model checking in particular


Formal methods in general:
An alternative to the above is formal methods for specific subset of properties related to
the overall correctness of software.Other formal model based analyses can also be used to 
check for certain properties,either by analysts alone or with the help of some software tools, 
but rarely with fullyautomated support, due to the same reason as noted above.
All the formal analysis techniques mentioned above are extensions to formal verification
techniques we described earlier. By restricting to a smaller subset of problems, systems,
or properties, these techniques may lead to additional opportunities for automation, thus
making them easier to perform than formal verifications
So far, the biggest obstacle to formal methods is the high cost associated with the difficult
task of performing these human intensive activities correctly without adequate automated
support.

Model checking in particular:
model checking techniques are gaining popularity in the software engineering research community.
Various semi-formal methods based on forms or tables, such as (Parnas and Madey, 1995), instead 
of formal logic or mathematical functions, have found important applications as well.
For example, state explosion for FSM for large software systems would make model checking 
impractical unless we focus on the high-level components or functions only. In general, these 
formal verification and analysis techniques cost more, and in many cases significantly so, than
testing and inspection, thus limiting their application domains.
Model checking combines algorithmic checking of propositions through execution with formal assertions 
stated as the propositions with respect to software systems modeled as finite-state machines.
Model checking and other formal analyses are closer to inspection and testing, in the sense that
they may produce counterexamples during model checking or identify problems directly
during analyses. Such information can then be used to locate and fix related defects.
